[docs] Add status header for parquet exporter (#10328)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/parquetexporter/README.md

# Parquet File Exporter

| Status                   |                      |
| ------------------------ |----------------------|

> | Stability                | [beta]               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Stability                | [in development]               |
```

| Supported pipeline types | trace, logs, metrics |

> | Distributions            | [contrib]            |

Reviewer 2: Currently this component is not in contrib

```suggestion
| Distributions            | none                 |
```

```

> The full list of settings exposed for this exporter are documented [here](config.go)

Reviewer: This is a dead link, I suggest to fix it. Perhaps using that way:

```suggestion
The full list of settings exposed for this exporter is going to be documented later
```

```

The full list of settings exposed for this exporter are documented [here](config.go)
with detailed sample configurations [here](testdata/config.yaml).

> [beta]:https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#beta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[in-development]:https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#in-development
```
